Q-1)  What is Emmet?
Ans) Emmet is a web-developer’s toolkit that can greatly improve your HTML & CSS workflow. 
     Emmet takes the snippets idea to a whole new level: you can type CSS-like expressions that can be dynamically parsed, 
     and produce output depending on what you type in the abbreviation. Emmet is developed and optimised for web-developers whose workflow depends on HTML/XML and CSS, 
     but can be used with programming languages too.

Q-2) Difference between a Library and Framework?
Ans)  “Who calls whom” i.e. the caller/callee relationship defines the difference between the two terms. It is our code which calls the library code while in framework, 
      it is framework’s code which calls our code.

      https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/software-framework-vs-library/
      https://www.interviewbit.com/blog/framework-vs-library/
      
  Q-3) What is CDN? Why do we use it?
  Ans) A content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content.
       A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images, and videos. 
       
       Benefits of CDN - Improving website load times, Reducing bandwidth costs, Increasing content availability and redundancy and Improving website security.
       
  Q-4) Why is React known as React?
  Ans) React is named React because of its ability to react to changes in data. When the data in a React component changes, 
       React will automatically re-render the component so that it reflects the new data. This makes it easy to create performant user interfaces that always look up-to-date.

       React was created by Jordan Walke, a software engineer at Facebook. It was first used internally at Facebook to power News Feed and other user interface elements.
       After seeing how well it performed, Jordan open-sourced React and made it available to the world. Since then, React has become one of the most popular JavaScript libraries in use today.
       
   Q-5) What is crossorigin in script tag?
   Ans) The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
        Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in.
        A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.
        
        <script crossorigin="anonymous|use-credentials">
        anonymous - A cross-origin request is performed. No credentials are sent
        use-credentials - A cross-origin request is performed. Credentials are sent (e.g. a cookie, a certificate, a HTTP Basic authentication)
        
        crossorigin or crossorigin="", is the same as anonymous.

  Q-6) What is diference between React and ReactDOM
  Ans) To be more concise, react is for the components and react-dom is for rendering the components in the DOM. 'react-dom' acts as a glue between components and DOM.
       You will be using render() method of the react-dom to render components in the DOM.
       
       React and ReactDOM were only recently split into two different libraries. Prior to v0.14, all ReactDOM functionality was part of React. 
       
       https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34114350/react-vs-reactdom.
       
       
   Q-7) What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
   Ans) The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those builds.
        The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine. It is minimized files and no hot reloading.


  Q-8) What is async and defer? - see my Youtube video ;)

